- per project .patchbay/codex/config.toml differences (maybe even user-editable in patchbay UI)?
- tracing instead of simple println! statements
- rootcause for error handling
- codex model selection through dropdown instead of text field 
- websocket event reload entire "Board" page not just individual sections, loosing scroll position, switching to newest run in "Runs" even though I was inspecting output of a previous run.
- An agent might refuse to work on an item. For example if the items description is just "foobar". And this works fine. The agent releases the work item again, putting it back into the state=open state. Actually, now that swim-lanes (and therefore possible state values) are completely user defineable, where is the agent told which "state" value it should set to release a work item? Is this currently hardcoded to "open" and therefore only works by accident? Every agent must be told the "state" label value of the work item before being picked up and worked on, so that the reset is always proper. Back to the main issue though: These released items (items where an agent already tried to execute on) shouldn't ONLY be released by giving them their old state value. (In fact: They already get a meaningful comment by the agent, which is nice.) They must also be labeled in a way that they are not picked up again and again (endlessly repeated worst case!). I am unsure whether every "Automation" entry picking up work should explicitely habve to add "&& !<label-resembling-non-operable-work>" or whether that should be implicit. The lalbel name for this can be hardcoded in Patchbay. We should inform the user in the Patchbay UI about hardcoded labels used by patchbay.
